feat(text-input): Add InputGroup component (#2182)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/text-input/stories/TextInput.stories.mdx

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Required} />

### Icons

> `IconGroup` is available to add icons to the `TextInput`. Internally, a container `div` element is

Reviewer: Did you mean `InputGroup` ?

Author: No. An `InputGroup` adds icons "inside" `TextInput` component

Reviewer: where is icongroup as a component?

Author: Oh. I thought you meant `TextInput` should be `InputGroup`. You can use the suggestion feature to help narrow it down.
```suggestion
`InputGroup` is available to add icons to the `TextInput`. Internally, a container `div` element is
```

> used with relative position styling on the div and absolute position styling on the start and end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used with relative position styling on the `div` and absolute position styling on the start and end
```

icons. `InputGroup.Start` and `InputGroup.End` are used to position elements at the start and end of
the input. "start" and "end" are used instead of "left" and "right" to match
[CSS Logical Properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Logical_Properties)
and will be semantically correct in left-to-right and right-to-left languages.

> `InputGroup.Start` and `InputGroup.End` subcomponents can handle any child elements, but are built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`InputGroup.InnerStart` and `InputGroup.InnerEnd` subcomponents can handle any child elements, but are built
```

for icons. The default width is `40px`, which is perfect for icons. If you need to use something

> else, be sure to set the `width` property of `InputGroup.Start` or `InputGroup.End` to match the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
else, be sure to set the `width` property of `InputGroup.InnerStart` or `InputGroup.InnerEnd` to match the
```

Author: Thanks for catching that.
